well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight for the first time I
engaged with a certain kind of creature
that you find on the Internet
I've never engaged with them before
because you know if they don't think
they're people why would I even bother
trying to explain anything else to them
and it was fantastic
I'm really glad I did it and of course
we're talking about the the person on
the internet who says that undocumented
workers don't have constitutional rights
and the reason I engaged with them
tonight was because in the in his
comment he said that the Constitution
only applied to citizens and then it
clicked these guys have never read the
Constitution they sit there and talk
about it but they've never read it
most of them have We the People is a
profile picture but they've never read
it because despite all of their failings
our founders were really bright guys
they address this topic from the very
beginning if you actually read the
Constitution which you will find out is
that some rights are guaranteed to
citizens and some rights are guaranteed
to persons that's why I'm liking it hope
he doesn't think they're people because
that's the only way they could not have
constitutional rights the summer some
are reserved to persons
some are reserved to citizens it's how
it works and it was fantastic because as
I explained this I got to watch his
whole worldview just crumble in front of
him it was great because once this is
understood they have a choice they can
either support the Constitution that
they pretend they've read or support the
president
can't do both so what what rights are
guaranteed to persons all the ones that
matter as far as what we're talking
about dealing with immigration and done
with the camps they have the right to
peacefully assemble the first emember
right to peacefully assemble they have
the Fourth Amendment right to be secure
and their purses persons houses papers
and effects they have a Fifth Amendment
right to not be denied life liberty or
property without due process they have a
Sixth Amendment right to trials which
becomes important later to illustrate
some anecdotal stuff because the facts
are great but sometimes you need
something they can relate to and then
the equal protection under wall by the
Fourteenth Amendment and that one's
great too because the fourteenth of them
it's really long and it uses citizens
and persons in the same amendment so it
shows that it doesn't actually mean the
same thing there there's tons of case
law on that's going back more than a
hundred years but it becomes very very
clear that you have to make that choice
whether or not you're going to support
the Constitution or support the
president's policies because the
president's policies are in direct
defiance of the Constitution now onto
that anecdotal evidence the war on
terror the early years yeah all those
black sites right we're finding out
about one all the time you know the ones
where they had the enhanced
interrogation where were they at what
countries literally all over the world
except one country the US why because
the second they set foot on US soil they
had constitutional protections because
they're people they are persons that's
why the one US military base that is
best known for this well it's in Cuba
it's not one in the United States and
even that became an issue you know we
have this base but its least article
three of the lease says that Cuba
retains sovereignty over it that's why
they can be done there I personally
don't agree with that but that's the
legal ruling on it so when you get to
this point and you've explained all of
this to them you can then ask you know
why do you hate the Constitution and
watch them get mad you can ask them to
pick one and I would suggest starting
this conversation with that question
have you ever read the Constitution
because they're gonna lie they're gonna
say of course I have I have a pocket
Constitution right here that's great but
you never read it or you didn't read it
in enough detail to understand what it
says because this is extremely clear
there are persons and there are citizens
every constitutional protection that
matters as far as getting locked up for
no good reason being detained without
any kind of due process being denied
life liberty property all of these
things they all apply to persons not
citizens so anyway I would highly
suggest engaging them I don't know that
it will stick but he certainly now has
something he's questioning because most
people in the United States they've been
indoctrinated for so long the
Constitution might as well be the Bible
and when you can prove without a doubt
that something is in direct defiance of
it it tends to resonate especially among
this crowd even though as we have found
out most of them have never read it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night